I. I added a treble and bass audio effect node to the audio routing graph for my web app.
II. My sprite class' name is "artSprite". It looks like a Japanese character with a circle behind it that is filled with a radial gradient. In the visualization it appears at the location of the mouse when there is a click on the canvas and falls off the screen. Additionally, the class stores information to change beam and window glow colors upon a mouse click. The sprites scale in close sync with the higher rhythm elements of a track (hi-hats, symbol crash, etc.).
III. In my av-data.json file I have an array of json objects that hold data (img url, name, color, rbg values) that will be used to build artSprite objects. The source addresses of each music track is also present in the file. The file additionally holds the webpage title and instructions which are fed into the page html.
IV. For improving the aesthetics of the AV App I took the route of creating "The Monado" from Xenoblade Chronicles. The whole look of the app is based around the weapon and I tweaked some existing visualizations from the PE to fit the new theme. The background gradient is still present but has a blue sky on a grassy field color pallete which matches the background that is present behind The Monado on the Xenoblade Chronicles cover. I made both frequency and waveform values appear as the Replica Monado EX exhaust beams and sword beams respectively. The circular window at the base of the sword is filled by a glowing circle that changes size along with the music. The "artSprite" objects all consist of a specific color and a "Monado Art" symbol. When activated, the color and symbol of the most recent artSprite will define the new look of the beams and window. The beams and glowing window change colors (the window changing as a gradient) and the window also changes its pulsing symbol on it to match the symbol selected by the most recent click. All music interactive elements of the Monado are togglable but the sword itself is omnipresent. I kept the invert colors and embossing functionality from the PE because I felt that the two effects looked cool when activated. They aren't really a main aesthetic focus of the app but they are fun to activate so I think they are harmless. I think that my improvements fall around a 12% on the grade spectrum. I think that the look of the app is quite different and while it does lack particularly new implementations of the audio data, the arts system creates a lot of variability to the aesthetics of the application. The 3% I would understand being docked since I did not do much to update the UI besides making it more colorful.